Fix principal exclusion in case of comma in the name (#50)
strimzi/kafka-quotas-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer: I don't think I would add change log for this. Keep it for the release notes.

Author: So you mean that I should remove the CHANGELOG and keep the notes to the release notes of the 0.3.1, where all the changes should be present, right? (just want to be sure that I understand it correctly)

Reviewer: yes.

Author: ok, thanks :)

Author: Added the suggestions and moved it outside of the PR. Thanks :)

* Allow specifying check-interval higher than 0 together with no limit configuration
* Set default check-interval to 60s

> ## 0.3.1

Reviewer: I think both changes should go into 0.3.1 and you need anyway both for the operator PR.

* Change excluded principal definition to be semicolon-separated list

### Changes, deprecations and removals

> * **Important:** From 0.3.1 the excluded principals are configured as semicolon-separated list. In previous versions, the principals were
> configured using comma-separated list.
> This fixes the issue with Distinguish Names, which were wrongly separated by the comma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Important:** 0.3.1 fixes a bug from 0.3.0 release where the excluded principals were separated by a comma instead of a semi-colon.
  If you use the `<xxx>` option, please update your configuration and use `;` as separators.
```

Reviewer: 0.2.0 does not seem to list any excluded principals option. I think that is new in 0.3.0, or?

Reviewer 2: Yes, this is new in 0.3.0. 

We had this configuration option in a downstream fork (based on 0.2.0) for a long time but it didn't make it back upstream until now.

Reviewer 3: ah. I see.
